Rockin updates: Adds a be|fe app (#47)
NodeOps-app/autogen: Docs/Guides/Ghost-headless-cms/Readme.md

**Image**: `ghost:5-alpine`  
**Port**: `2368`

**Environment variables**:
  - NODE_ENV=production
  - database__client=sqlite3
  - database__connection__filename=/var/lib/ghost/content/data/ghost.db
  - database__useNullAsDefault=true

## 1.2 Collect API keys and URLs from Ghost

1. From the deployment's card, click **View details** > **Visit Project**.
2. Access admin panel by appending `/ghost` to your project's URL: `https://your-backend-url.com/ghost/`
3. Complete the Ghost setup wizard.
> There is no requirement to use the same email as you use for AutoGen.
4. Navigate Settings > Integrations > Create custom integration and name it.
5. Make a note of the following:
- The **Content API Key**
- URL for the backend: `https://your-backend-url.com`
<!-- - URL for the Admin Panel: `https://your-backend-url.com/ghost/` -->
- URL for the Content API: `https://your-backend-url.com/ghost/api/content/`

## Step 2: Set up frontend

Next, we will leverage a basic Next.js app to consume the backend data via API and deploy that as a separate project.

### 2.1 Platform configuration

1. Fork this GitHub to your own profile {todo add url to boilerplate}

> > Alternatively, recreate the app based on the [data here](#next-js-app)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Alternatively, recreate the app based on the [data here](#nextjs-app)
```
